doc: update documentation (#4)
primait/mix_unused: guides/unreachable-analyzer.md

The [MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable](`MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable`) check analyses the call graph by visiting all the functions reachable from a well-known set of functions, that act as starting points.

> All the remaining functions are considered unused, and by default only the functions without any caller are reported to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the non reachable functions are considered unused. By default only the functions that have no caller are reported to the user.
```

## Configuration

It has a specific configuration:

```elixir
[
  checks: [
    {MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable,
      %{
        usages: [
          {Foo, :bar, 1},
          # ...
        ]
      }}
  ]
]
```

In the example above, `Foo.bar/1` is declared as "used", so the check will consume all the functions reachable from it.

In addition to the user declared functions, the analyzer uses a set of "discovery modules", defined with the option `usages_discovery`:

```elixir
[
  checks: [
    {MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable,
      %{
        usages_discovery: [
          MyDiscovery,
          # ...
        ]
      }}
  ]
]
```

> A discovery module implements the [MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable.Usages](`MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable.Usages`) behaviour and it's called during the analysis to try to discover functions that should considered as used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A discovery module implements the [MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable.Usages](`MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable.Usages`) behaviour and it's called during the analysis to try to discover functions that should be considered as used.
```

Some discovery modules are included by default: check them under the `MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable.Usages` namespace (i.e. [PhoenixDiscovery](`MixUnused.Analyzers.Unreachable.Usages.PhoenixDiscovery`)).

All these modules are not perfect and can report false positives, but in summary they help to identify dynamically used code automatically.

### Other options

* `report_transitively_unused`: if true the analyzer reports also the unused 
  functions that are only called by other unused functions (default to false).

  For instance, if `a()` calls `b()` that calls `c()`, by default only `a()` is reported as unused. Additionally, if `a()` is explicitly ignored or is defined out of the configured `paths`, nothing is reported.

## Corner cases

* Behaviours implementers are not considered used by default.
* Functions generated by a macro are not reported, since they generally are out

>   of the our control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of our control.
```
